# Accurate References (a VS2012 Extension)List all references in the solution by Project and show the acutal Reference used.Sometimes Visual Studio will show an assembly reference path incorrectly when inspecting the properties. Example: the reference path might show /projecta/bin when in actual fact the path is ../packages/something. Also if Visual Studio is unable to find an assembly reference it will display the path as "".Accurate References will parse the Solution and it's Project to show you the actual assembly path.## UsageFrom the main menu > Views > Other Windows > Accurate References.## REQUIREMENTS:Requires Visual Studio 2012 (professional, premium or ultimate editions).## LICENSE:(The MIT License)Copyright (c) 2012 Ben Clark-Robinson, ben.clarkrobinson@gmail.comPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaininga copy of this software and associated documentation files (the'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, includingwithout limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and topermit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject tothe following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall beincluded in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANYCLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.